---
title: March 2025
slug: 31-march-2025
subtitle: Milestones reached, glorious start of the spring, visited a new city.
category: life
tags: [spring, athens, graduation]
mainImage: https://res.cloudinary.com/antonio-rossi/image/upload/w_1000,fl_progressive/v1646323595/kelly-sikkema-gcHFXsdcmJE-unsplash_w2qpxu.jpg
published: false
date: 2025-03-31
layout: development
---

What I have been reading:

- Compost by Charles Dowding.
- Transformative Adaptation by Rupert Read, Morgan Phillips and Amanda Scott.
- The Value of a Whale by Charles Clover.

What I have been watching:

- Frieren: Beyond Journey's End

What I bought:

- Nothing!

PPM:

- 0.0 kg of CO2

## Endings and new beginnings

Spring is finally here and it's glorious. We are in the second week of sunny and warm weather and trees and flowers are blooming everywhere.
Winter was cold and relatively dry and when spring arrived, it felt like a completely different season. The same didn't happen the previous two years. We had wet and mild winters, followed by wet and cold springs. If it wasn't for the light, it would have been hard to tell the seasons apart.

I assume it had to be expected. Here in the UK, el Niño years means warmer and wet winters and cool and wetter summers. La Niña years usually are the opposite: colder and drier winters and followed by wet hot summers, with a stark contrast between seasons. I'm definitely in the #teamLaNina camp.

My cat is in the same team.
(photos of Gigia)

This month I finally complete the 12-month apprenticeship in management and leadership that my company offered me.

## Climate

A few days ago, the Weather Meteorological Organization released the 2024 State of the Global Climate Report ([link](https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/weather/climate-change/what-is-climate-change)). Some of the finding are:

- Carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is at the highest level in the last 800,000 years.
- The past 10 years where the warmest 10 years on record.
- Ocean temperature sets new records for 8 years in a row.
- Arctic see-ice extent was at the lowest level on record for the 18 years straight.
- The largest 3-years loss of glacier mass on record occurred in the last 3 years.
- Sea level rise has doubled since satellite records began.
- 2024 was the warmers year in a 175-year series running from 1850.

I'm aware that keep iterating bad news about the climate is not a happy read, but it's the reality we live in and ignoring it will only make things worse. In a period were USA government has imposed the removal of any mention of climate change from official documents and the mainstream media too busy with the geopolitical instability, I feel obliged to keep up to date with the latest data and report it.
